c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\IMClientApp.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\IMClientApp.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\IMClientApp.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\IMClientApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\IMClientApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\IMClientApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\IMClientApp.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\IMClientApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\IMClientApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\IMClientApp.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\IMClientApp.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\IMService.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\IMService.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\IMService.dll.config
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\AddContactWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\AddContactWindow.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\SignInWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\WelcomeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\SignInWindow.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMClientApp\IMClientApp\obj\Debug\WelcomeWindow.baml
